refactor HAIP and add details for mdoc profile of OID4VP over the Browser API (#122)
openid/oid4vc-haip: openid4vc-high-assurance-interoperability-profile-1_0.md

.# Abstract

> This document defines a profile of OpenID for Verifiable Credentials in combination with the credential format SD-JWT VC and mdoc. The aim is to select features and to define a set of requirements for the existing specifications to enable interoperability among Issuers, Wallets and Verifiers of Credentials where a high level of security and privacy is required. The profiled specifications include OpenID for Verifiable Credential Issuance [@!OIDF.OID4VCI], OpenID for Verifiable Presentations [@!OIDF.OID4VP], Self-Issued OpenID Provider v2 [@!OIDF.SIOPv2], IETF SD-JWT VC [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc], and ISO mdoc [@!ISO.18013-5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document defines a profile of OpenID for Verifiable Credentials in combination with the credential formats IETF SD-JWT VC and ISO mdoc. The aim is to select features and to define a set of requirements for the existing specifications to enable interoperability among Issuers, Wallets and Verifiers of Credentials where a high level of security and privacy is required. The profiled specifications include OpenID for Verifiable Credential Issuance [@!OIDF.OID4VCI], OpenID for Verifiable Presentations [@!OIDF.OID4VP], Self-Issued OpenID Provider v2 [@!OIDF.SIOPv2], IETF SD-JWT VC [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc], and ISO mdoc [@!ISO.18013-5].
```

> This document defines a profile of OpenID for Verifiable Credentials in combination with the credential formats IETF SD-JWT VC and ISO mdoc. The aim is to select features and to define a set of requirements for the existing specifications to enable interoperability among Issuers, Wallets and Verifiers of Credentials where a high level of security and privacy is required. The profiled specifications include OpenID for Verifiable Credential Issuance [@!OIDF.OID4VCI], OpenID for Verifiable Presentations [@!OIDF.OID4VP], Self-Issued OpenID Provider v2 [@!OIDF.SIOPv2], IETF SD-JWT VC [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc], and ISO mdoc [@!ISO.18013-5].

Author: i think the current wording is ok

This document is not a specification, but a profile. It refers to the specifications required for implementations to interoperate among each other and for the optionalities mentioned in the referenced specifications, defines the set of features to be mandatory to implement.

> The profile uses OpenID for Verifiable Credential Issuance [@!OIDF.OID4VCI] and OpenID for Verifiable Presentations [@!OIDF.OID4VP] as the base protocols for issuance and presentation of Credentials, respectively. The credential format used is SD-JWT VC as specified in [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc] and ISO mdoc [@!ISO.18013-5]. Additionally, considerations are given on how deployments can perform a combined issuance of credentials in both SD-JWT VC and ISO mdoc [@ISO.18013-5] formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The profile uses OpenID for Verifiable Credential Issuance [@!OIDF.OID4VCI] and OpenID for Verifiable Presentations [@!OIDF.OID4VP] as the base protocols for issuance and presentation of Credentials, respectively. The credential formats used are IETF SD-JWT VC as specified in [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc] and ISO mdoc [@!ISO.18013-5]. Additionally, considerations are given on how deployments can perform a combined issuance of credentials in both IETF SD-JWT VC and ISO mdoc [@ISO.18013-5] formats.
```

> The profile uses OpenID for Verifiable Credential Issuance [@!OIDF.OID4VCI] and OpenID for Verifiable Presentations [@!OIDF.OID4VP] as the base protocols for issuance and presentation of Credentials, respectively. The credential formats used are IETF SD-JWT VC as specified in [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc] and ISO mdoc [@!ISO.18013-5]. Additionally, considerations are given on how deployments can perform a combined issuance of credentials in both IETF SD-JWT VC and ISO mdoc [@ISO.18013-5] formats.

Reviewer: What is "a deployment"? Suggest changing this to Issuer.

What is meant with "combined issuance of credentials"? I thought you can issue multiple instances of a Credential, but they are referring to the same configuration id. 

```suggestion
The profile uses OpenID for Verifiable Credential Issuance [@!OIDF.OID4VCI] and OpenID for Verifiable Presentations [@!OIDF.OID4VP] as the base protocols for issuance and presentation of Credentials, respectively. The credential formats used are IETF SD-JWT VC as specified in [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc] and ISO mdoc [@!ISO.18013-5]. Additionally, considerations are given on how Issuers can perform combined issuance of Credentials in both IETF SD-JWT VC and ISO mdoc [@ISO.18013-5] formats.
```

Author: ```suggestion
The profile uses OpenID for Verifiable Credential Issuance [@!OIDF.OID4VCI] and OpenID for Verifiable Presentations [@!OIDF.OID4VP] as the base protocols for issuance and presentation of Credentials, respectively. The credential formats used are IETF SD-JWT VC as specified in [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc] and ISO mdoc [@!ISO.18013-5]. Additionally, considerations are given on how the issuance of Credentials in both IETF SD-JWT VC and ISO mdoc [@ISO.18013-5] formats can be performed in the same transaction.
```

The following aspects are in scope of this interoperability profile:

> * Profile of OpenID4VCI to issue IETF SD-JWT VCs (can be both remote and in-person), including

Reviewer: Why mention "(can be both remote and in-person)" on this line, but not with the ones below?

Author: ```suggestion
* Profile of OpenID4VCI to issue IETF SD-JWT VCs, including
```
I think we can delete it.

> * Profile of OID4VCI to issue IETF SD-JWT VCs (can be both remote and in-person), including
>   * Wallet Attestation
> * Profile of OID4VP to present IETF SD-JWT VCs
> * Profile of OID4VP over the W3C Digital Credentials API [@w3c.digital_credentials_api] to present 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Profile of OpenID4VCI to issue IETF SD-JWT VCs (can be both remote and in-person), including
  * Wallet Attestation
* Profile of OpenID4VP to present IETF SD-JWT VCs
* Profile of OpenID4VP over the W3C Digital Credentials API [@w3c.digital_credentials_api] to present 
```

  * IETF SD-JWT VCs 
  * ISO mdocs

> * Protocol for User Authentication by the Wallet at a Verifier (SIOP v2)

Reviewer 3: Should we exclude SIOP for now?

Reviewer 2: Yeah that sounds like a good idea imho, but perhaps a different issue and shouldn't be part of this PR?

Reviewer 4: WG call: Paul to file an issue on this topic.

Reviewer 3: https://github.com/openid/oid4vc-haip/issues/120

> * Protocol for User Authentication by the Wallet at a Verifier (SIOP v2)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 3: https://github.com/openid/oid4vc-haip/issues/120

* Profile of IETF SD-JWT VC that includes the following aspects
  * Status Management of the Credentials, including revocation

>   * Cryptographic Key Binding

Author: https://openid.github.io/OpenID4VP/openid-4-verifiable-presentations-wg-draft.html#section-2-4.26

>   * Cryptographic Key Binding

Reviewer 5: we can keep it as cryptographic key binding. i opened a issue here: https://github.com/openid/OpenID4VP/issues/369

>   * Cryptographic Key Binding

Reviewer: What do you mean with "our spec"? Definitely not in the SD-JWT,  as the changelog even says

> *  Use the term Key Binding rather than Holder Binding

>   * Cryptographic Holder Binding

Reviewer: Aren't we doing key binding instead of holder binding?

```suggestion
  * Cryptographic Key Binding
```

  * Issuer key resolution
  * Issuer identification (as prerequisite for trust management)
* Crypto Suites

> Note that when OID4VP is used, the Wallet and the Verifier can either be remote or in-person.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that when OpenID4VP is used, the Wallet and the Verifier can either be remote or in-person.
```

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure this line provides any benefits

Author: given that one of the reader audience is ISO people coming from the proximity world, i think this line is ok

* Trust Management, i.e. authorization of an issuer to issue certain types of credentials, authorization of the Wallet to be issued certain types of credentials, authorization of  the Verifier to receive certain types of credentials.
* Protocol for presentation of Verifiable Credentials for offline use-cases, e.g. over BLE.

> * Profile of OpenID4VCI to issue ISO mdocs is defined in ISO 23220-3.

Author: i am confused. this is to say that the profile that defines issuance of mdocs using VCI is defined in 23220-3

> * Profile of OpenID4VCI to issue ISO mdocs is defined in ISO 23220-3.

Author: ```suggestion
* Profile of OpenID4VCI to issue ISO mdoc [@!ISO.18013-5] is defined in ISO 23220-3.
```

> * Profile of OID4VCI to issue ISO mdocs is defined in ISO 23220-3.
> * Profile of OID4VP without using W3C Digital Credentials API to present ISO mdocs is 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Profile of OpenID4VCI to issue ISO mdocs is defined in ISO 23220-3.
* Profile of OpenID4VP without using W3C Digital Credentials API to present ISO mdocs is 
```

## Standards Requirements

> This specification enables interoperable implementation of the following four flows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This specification enables interoperable implementation of the following flows:
```

* Issuance of IETF SD-JWT VC using OpenID4VCI
* Presentation of IETF SD-JWT VC using OpenID4VP without using W3C Digital Credentials API
* Presentation of IETF SD-JWT VC using OpenID4VP over W3C Digital Credentials API
* Presentation of ISO mdocs using OpenID4VP over W3C Digital Credentials API

> Implementations of this specification do not have to implement all of the four flows, but they MUST be compliant to all of the requirements for a particular flow they chose to implement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implementations of this specification do not have to implement all of the flows listed above, but they MUST be compliant to all of the requirements for a particular flow they chose to implement.
```

# OpenID for Verifiable Credential Issuance

The requirements for the Wallet and the Credential Issuer, unless specified otherwise:

> * MUST support both pre-auth code flow and authorization code flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* MUST support both pre-authorized code flow and authorization code flow.
```

## Standards Requirements

> This specification enables interoperable implementation of the following flows:

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
This specification enables interoperable implementations of the following flows:
```

* Issuance of IETF SD-JWT VC using OpenID4VCI

> * Presentation of IETF SD-JWT VC using OpenID4VP without using W3C Digital Credentials API

Author: ```suggestion
* Presentation of IETF SD-JWT VC using OpenID4VP over HTTPS
```

* Presentation of IETF SD-JWT VC using OpenID4VP over W3C Digital Credentials API
* Presentation of ISO mdocs using OpenID4VP over W3C Digital Credentials API

Implementations of this specification do not have to implement all of the flows listed above, but they MUST be compliant to all of the requirements for a particular flow they chose to implement.

# OpenID for Verifiable Credential Issuance

> The requirements for the Wallet and the Credential Issuer, unless specified otherwise:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The requirements for the Wallet and the Issuer, unless specified otherwise:
```

Author: credential issuer is a term from VCI

> The requirements for the Wallet and the Credential Issuer, unless specified otherwise:

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Wallets and Credential Issuers, unless specified otherwise:
```

Author: ```suggestion
Both the Wallet and the Credential Issuer:
```

* The Credential Issuer MUST publish a mapping of every Credential Type it supports to a scope value.

> # OpenID for Verifiable Presentations profile for SD-JWT VC over HTTPS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# OpenID for Verifiable Presentations profile for IETF SD-JWT VC over HTTPS
```

The requirements for the Wallet and the Verifier, unless specified otherwise:

>    * MUST support protocol extensions for SD-JWT VC credential format profile as defined in this specification (#vc_sd_jwt_profile).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * MUST support protocol extensions for IETF SD-JWT VC credential format profile as defined in this specification (#vc_sd_jwt_profile).
```

> * The Credential Issuer MUST publish a mapping of every Credential Type it supports to a scope value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Issuer MUST publish a mapping of every Credential Type it supports to a scope value.
```

Author: credential issuer is a term from VCI

> # OpenID for Verifiable Presentations profile for IETF SD-JWT VC over HTTPS

Author: ```suggestion
# OpenID for Verifiable Presentations profile for IETF SD-JWT VC
```

> The requirements for the Wallet and the Verifier, unless specified otherwise:

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Requirements for the Wallet and the Verifier, unless specified otherwise:
```
(Do we need the "unless specified otherwise" here?)

Author: ```suggestion
Requirements for the Wallet and the Verifier:
```
we probably don't

>    * MUST support protocol extensions for IETF SD-JWT VC credential format profile as defined in this specification (#vc_sd_jwt_profile).

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
   * Wallets and Verifiers MUST support protocol extensions for IETF SD-JWT VC credential format profile as defined in this specification (#vc_sd_jwt_profile).
```

Reviewer 6: Is "protocol extensions" the right wording here? The linked section doesn't use these words.

Author: ```suggestion
```
i feel like the whole sentence is redundant

    * In the `input-descriptors` object, `id`, `name`, `purpose`, `group`, `format`, and `constraints` properties MUST be supported. In the `constraints` object, `limit_disclosure`, and `fields` properties MUST be supported. In the `fields` object, `path` and `filter` properties MUST be supported. A `path` MUST contain exactly one entry with a static path to a certain claim. A `filter` MUST only contain `type` elements of value `string` and `const` elements.
    * In the `submission_requirements` object, `name`, `rule (`pick` only)`, `count`, `from` properties MUST be supported.

# OpenID for Verifiable Presentations over W3C Digital Credentials API

> The following requirements apply for both, the Wallet and the Verifier, unless specified otherwise:

Reviewer 6: As above, please fix the grammar for _all_ bullet point lists in the document and consider removing "unless specified otherwise" (I don't immediately see where we do specify it otherwise)

Reviewer 6: Ah, understood. Then I propose to find a wording in the bullet points to call out explicitly for each point who needs to follow it.

Re the editorial stuff - fine for me.

> * MUST support Annex A in [@!OIDF.OID4VP] that defines how to use OID4VP over the W3C Digital Credentials API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* MUST support Annex A in [@!OIDF.OID4VP] that defines how to use OpenID4VP over the W3C Digital Credentials API.
```

>   * The Wallet MUST support both signed and unsigned requests defined in Annex A.3.1 and A.3.2 of [@!OIDF.OID4VP]. The Verifier MUST support signed requests, unsigned requests, or both.

Reviewer 3: Does it make sense for "high assurance" profile to support the unsigned requests?

Reviewer 7: This is because there's requirement from ISO that unsigned requests are supported due to requirements from American mDL ecosystems.

Author: that discussion already happened here: https://github.com/openid/oid4vc-haip/pull/122#discussion_r1856860395 and there is issue #129

>   * The Wallet MUST support both signed and unsigned requests as defined in Annex A.3.1 and A.3.2 of [@!OIDF.OID4VP]. The Verifier MUST support signed requests, unsigned requests, or both.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
  * The Wallet MUST support both signed and unsigned requests as defined in Annex A.3.1 and A.3.2 of [@!OIDF.OID4VP]. The Verifier MUST support signed requests, unsigned requests, or both.
```
Not sure if the meaning of the last sentence is clear. Isn't that equivalent to just saying nothing or to "...MAY support signed and unsigned requests"?

Author: i think it makes explicit that the verifier has a choice and needs to make a choice

Reviewer 6: Then I propose the following:
```suggestion
  * The Wallet MUST support both signed and unsigned requests as defined in Annex A.3.1 and A.3.2 of [@!OIDF.OID4VP]. The Verifier MAY support signed requests, unsigned requests, or both.
```

> * Wallet Invocation is done via the W3C Digital Credentials API or an equivalent platform API. Custom URL schemes MUST NOT be used.

Author: ```suggestion
* Wallet Invocation is done via the W3C Digital Credentials API or an equivalent platform API. Any other mechanism, including Custom URL schemes, MUST NOT be used.
```

* Response Mode MUST be `dc_api.jwt`. The response MUST be encrypted.

> * Specific requirements for the response encryption are tbd.

Author: ```suggestion
* Specific requirements for the response encryption are tbd (https://github.com/openid/oid4vc-haip/issues/131).
```

> * The DQCL query and response as defined in Section 6 of [@!OIDF.OID4VP] MUST be used. Presentation Exchange as defined in Sections 5.4 and 5.5 of [@!OIDF.OID4VP] MUST NOT be used. Below is the list of features in the DQCL query and response that MUST be supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The DCQL query and response as defined in Section 6 of [@!OIDF.OID4VP] MUST be used. Presentation Exchange as defined in Sections 5.4 and 5.5 of [@!OIDF.OID4VP] MUST NOT be used. Below is the list of features in the DQCL query and response that MUST be supported:
```

> * The DCQL query and response as defined in Section 6 of [@!OIDF.OID4VP] MUST be used. Presentation Exchange as defined in Sections 5.4 and 5.5 of [@!OIDF.OID4VP] MUST NOT be used. Below is the list of features in the DCQL query and response that MUST be supported:

Author: ```suggestion
* Specific requirements for the response encryption are tbd.
* The DCQL query and response as defined in Section 6 of [@!OIDF.OID4VP] MUST be used. Presentation Exchange as defined in Sections 5.4 and 5.5 of [@!OIDF.OID4VP] MUST NOT be used. Below is the list of features in the DCQL query and response that MUST be supported:
```

>   * tbd

Reviewer 3: this is missing, @danielfett any proposals?

Reviewer 7: It's deliberately missing and will be fleshed out in a separate issues/PRs so that we don't end up with 300+ comments on this PR.

Author: #142

>   * tbd

Author: there is an issue on this - https://github.com/openid/oid4vc-haip/issues/142.
feel free to suggest a list there

>   * tbd

Author: ```suggestion
  * tbd (https://github.com/openid/oid4vc-haip/issues/142)
```

> * Support for Transaction Data as defined in Sections 5.4 and 7.4 of [@!OIDF.OID4VP] is tbd.

Reviewer 3: I think this is a feature with many potential high assurance use cases, so I would like to have it in
```suggestion
* Support for Transaction Data as defined in Sections 5.1 and 7.4 of [@!OIDF.OID4VP] in general is required
  * individual Transaction Data types supported is up to the Wallet
```

Reviewer 3: Martjin mentions that support in general is hard to enforce, if no specific transaction data types are listed

Author: discussion already happened here https://github.com/openid/oid4vc-haip/pull/122#discussion_r1856875693 and there is #130

Author: ```suggestion
```

## ISO mdoc specific requirements for OpenID for Verifiable Presentations over W3C Digital Credentials API

> 

Reviewer 6: Introductory sentence is missing here.

Author: ```suggestion

Requirements for both the Wallet and the Verifier:

```

> ## ISO mdoc specific requirements for OpenID for Verifiable Presentations over W3C Digital Credentials API

Reviewer 7: Because Annex B.3 basically says "see 18013 part 7", and whilst we have agreement with ISO to look at doing something different (incorporating non-DC API mdoc into HAIP), for now we don't want to introduce that - and part 7 doesn't use DCQL and depends on an old version of OID4VP that doesn't support the DC API.

> ## ISO mdoc specific requirements for OpenID for Verifiable Presentations over W3C Digital Credentials API

Author: because this section defines session transcript etc. that cannot be normatively defined in oid4vp. + as Joseph said, OID4VP points to 18013-7 and there is huge resistance to point to 18013-7, because it is behind the paywall

  * The Credential Format Identifier MUST be `mso_mdoc`.

>   * ISO mdoc Credential Format specific DCQL parameters as defined in Annex B.3.1. of [@!OIDF.OID4VP] MUST be used.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
  * ISO mdoc Credential Format specific DCQL parameters as defined in Annex B.3.1 of [@!OIDF.OID4VP] MUST be used.
```

>   * mdoc Credential Format specific DCQL parameters as defined in Section 6.4.2. of [@!OIDF.OID4VP] MUST be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ISO mdoc Credential Format specific DCQL parameters as defined in Section 6.4.2. of [@!OIDF.OID4VP] MUST be used.
```

>   * mdoc Credential Format specific DCQL parameters as defined in Section 6.4.2. of [@!OIDF.OID4VP] MUST be used.

Author: ```suggestion
  * ISO mdoc Credential Format specific DCQL parameters as defined in Annex B.3.1. of [@!OIDF.OID4VP] MUST be used.
```

next time, when making suggestions on the same line that another person has already made a suggestion, would appreciate if you could make it in response to the original suggestion :)

>   * Verifier MAY request more than one credential in the same request.

Reviewer 3: Why does this only apply to the mdoc section?

>   * When multiple mdocs are being returned, each mdoc should be returned in a separate DeviceResponse, each matching to a respective DCQL query. In this case, resulting in VP Token contains multiple DeviceResponses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * When multiple ISO mdocs are being returned, each ISO mdoc should be returned in a separate DeviceResponse, each matching to a respective DCQL query. In this case, resulting in VP Token contains multiple DeviceResponses.
```

>   * When multiple mdocs are being returned, each mdoc should be returned in a separate DeviceResponse, each matching to a respective DCQL query. In this case, resulting in VP Token contains multiple DeviceResponses.

Author: ```suggestion
  * When multiple ISO mdocs are being returned, each ISO mdoc MUST be returned in a separate DeviceResponse (as defined in 8.3.2.1.2.2 of [@!ISO.18013-5]), each matching to a respective DCQL query. Therefore, the resulting `vp_token` contains multiple DeviceResponses.
```

>   * Specific requirements for the response encryption are tbd.

Reviewer 3: Response encryption should not be mdoc specific, but moved out to the general section

Author: that's a good point - moving this sentence to a general section

```suggestion
```

### Session Transcript

> The SessionTranscript as defined in [@ISO.18013-5] shall be used with the following changes:

Author: ```suggestion
The SessionTranscript as defined in Section 9.1.5.1 in [@ISO.18013-5] MUST be used with the following changes:
```

> * DeviceEngagementBytes MUST be null.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* `DeviceEngagementBytes` MUST be null.
```

> * EReaderKeyBytes MUST be null

Reviewer 5: ````suggestion
* `EReaderKeyBytes` MUST be null.

```
SessionTranscript = [
  null,
  null,
  Handover
]
```
````

> The Handover element is defined as following:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The `Handover` element is defined as following:
```

The Handover element is defined as following:

```
Handover = OID4VPDCAPIHandover
OID4VPDCAPIHandover = [

>   "OID4VPDCAPIHandover"

Reviewer 4: WG call: might be used to prevent reuse of a session transcript with other mechanisms (similar to typ header in JWTs)

>   "OID4VPDCAPIHandover"

Reviewer 3: Martjin mentions this is a security measure to not confuse different handover structures

  clientId
  origin
  nonce
]

> clientId = tstr ; using UTF-8

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
"OID4VPDCAPIHandover" ; text string that identifies the type of handover structure as a security measure to prevent confusion of handovers.
clientId = tstr ; using UTF-8
```

origin = tstr ; using UTF-8
nonce = tstr ; using UTF-8
```

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

* "OID4VPDCAPIHandover" is a string that identifies the type of handover structure as a security measure to prevent confusion of handovers.
```

> * `clientId` and `nonce` parameters in the Handover MUST be the `client_id` and `nonce` parameters included in the Request from the Verifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `clientId` and `nonce` parameters in the Handover MUST be the `client_id` and `nonce` parameters included in the Authorization Request from the Verifier.
```

> OID4VPDCAPIHandover = [
>   "OID4VPDCAPIHandover"
>   clientId
>   origin
>   nonce
> ]
> 
> clientId = tstr ; using UTF-8
> origin = tstr ; using UTF-8
> nonce = tstr ; using UTF-8
> ```
> 
> * "OID4VPDCAPIHandover" is a string that identifies the type of handover structure as a security measure to prevent confusion of handovers.
> * `clientId` and `nonce` parameters in the Handover MUST be the `client_id` and `nonce` parameters included in the Authorization Request from the Verifier.
> * `origin` in the Handover is the origin of the Verifer, obtained from the Web-platform and/or app platform.

Reviewer 5: ````suggestion
```cddl
OID4VPDCAPIHandover = [
  "OID4VPDCAPIHandover", ; A fixed identifier for this handover type
  OID4VPDCAPIHandoverInfoHash ; Integrity hash of OID4VPDCAPIHandoverInfo
]

clientId = tstr  ; UTF-8 encoded string representing the client ID
origin = tstr    ; UTF-8 encoded string representing the origin
nonce = tstr     ; UTF-8 encoded string representing the nonce
OID4VPDCAPIHandoverInfo = [ clientId, origin, nonce ] ; Array containing handover parameters
OID4VPDCAPIHandoverInfoHash = tstr  ; UTF-8 encoded string for the integrity hash of OID4VPDCAPIHandoverInfo
```

`OID4VPDCAPIHandover` parameters:
- The first element MUST be the fixed UTF-8 encoded string `OID4VPDCAPIHandover`. This serves as a unique identifier for the handover structure to prevent misinterpretation or confusion.
- The second element MUST be the `OID4VPDCAPIHandoverInfoHash` encoded as a UTF-8 string representing the integrity hash of the `OID4VPDCAPIHandoverInfo` array. 
- `OID4VPDCAPIInfoHash` is calculated as the hash of the `OIDC4VPDCAPIHandoverInfo`, e.g., `sha256-H8BRh8j48O9oYatfu5AZzq6A9RINhZO5H16dQZngK7T62em8MUt1FLm52t+eX6xO`. The value MUST comply with the W3C Subresource integrity format as defined in [!W3C.SRI].
- `client_id` and `nonce` values are UTF-8 encoded strings provided in the Authorization Request from the Verifier.
- `origin` is a UTF-8 encoded string representing the origin of the Verifier. The value for `origin` MUST be obtained from the web platform or app platform being used.
````

Reviewer 5: One thing that is potentially missing in `OID4VPDCAPIHandoverInfo` is the public key of the verifier.

Author: agreed to discuss in the different issue.

## IETF SD-JWT VC specific requirements for OpenID for Verifiable Presentations over W3C Digital Credentials API

>   * The Credential Format identifier MUST be `dc+sd-jwt`.

Author: ```suggestion
Requirements for both the Wallet and the Verifier:

    * The Credential Format identifier MUST be `dc+sd-jwt`.
```

>   * IETF SD-JWT VC Credential Format specific DCQL parameters as defined in Section 6.4.1. of [@!OIDF.OID4VP] MUST be used.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
  * IETF SD-JWT VC Credential Format specific DCQL parameters as defined in Section 6.4.1 of [@!OIDF.OID4VP] MUST be used.
```

# SD-JWT VCs {#sd-jwt-vc}

> This profile defines the following additional requirements for SD-JWT VCs as defined in [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This profile defines the following additional requirements for IETF SD-JWT VCs as defined in [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc].
```

        </front>
</reference>

> 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
<reference anchor="W3C.SRI" target="https://www.w3.org/TR/SRI/">
    <front>
        <author initials="D." surname="Akhawe" fullname="Devdatta Akhawe">
            <organization>
                <organizationName>Dropbox, Inc.</organizationName>
            </organization>
        </author>
        <author initials="F." surname="Braun" fullname="Frederik Braun">
            <organization>
                <organizationName>Mozilla</organizationName>
            </organization>
        </author>
        <author initials="F." surname="Marier" fullname="François Marier">
            <organization>
                <organizationName>Mozilla</organizationName>
            </organization>
        </author>
        <author initials="J." surname="Weinberger" fullname="Joel Weinberger">
            <organization>
                <organizationName>Google, Inc.</organizationName>
            </organization>
        </author>
        <title>Subresource Integrity</title>
        <date day="23" month="June" year="2016"/>
    </front>
</reference>
```
